We should've stayed
at that cute little B and B in town.
It had great reviews online.
Beds with mattresses.
Where would the fun be in that?
Where's the fun in this?
It's creepy out here.
We're in the middle of nowhere.
Come on.
This was my family's spot
when I was little.
Where they terrorized you
with campfire stories
about the Whispering Woman.
Yes.
She haunted my childhood, it's true.
Lucky for you...
I'm no longer little.
[branches breaking]
What was that?
How should I know?
A squirrel, maybe?
Or it's the Whispering Woman.
Funny.
[branches breaking]
That was bigger than a squirrel.
I think it's gone.
Could you just check?
Please?
Oh!
[screaming]
That was Tadashi.
He finished his dive
into Vandyke's laptop, as you requested.
Did he discover any pearls,
like who hired Vandyke
to assassinate Elizabeth?
No.
Did he at least confirm
that Vandyke was in fact tracking
her on the night of her death?
Yes.
He was using an app
to monitor her location.
But that is not all there is to it.
I can feel a twist coming.
According to the app,
Tadashi believes the RF device
inside Elizabeth
was designed to perform two functions.
It transmits GPS coordinates
and it monitors timed medication.
I read the toxicology report.
It found nothing unusual
in Elizabeth's system.
She wasn't drugged.
Maybe whoever slipped her the tracker
didn't require full use
of its medical abilities.
But as a medical device,
it was small enough for her to ingest.
We're talking to the wrong people.
We don't need tech experts.
We need medical ones.
We need to talk to Herbie.
I already sent a courier to his home
with the tracker.
He's not responding to my calls.
You in some sort of disagreement?
A disagreement with Herbie?
The man likes conflict as much
as I like an overcooked egg.
That's not like him to not answer.
Try him again.
[knocking on door]
Senator, come in.
Please, call me Cynthia.
Cynthia.
I'm afraid we're not fully equipped
for social calls here,
but I couldn't refuse
your request to meet.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
This is difficult enough.
Let's just cut to the gristle.
I need your help.
I suspected you might.
I'd only come to you
if my situation were desperate.
Been three weeks
since my daughter-in-law went missing.
Yes, I've been following the news.
I'm terribly sorry.
The news you don't know,
because I'm keeping it from the press,
is that Sheila resurfaced last night
at a campsite.
No help from the local authorities,
mind you. She was half dead.
Emaciated.
Tortured.
Now Sheila is in a medically induced coma,
while whoever did this to her is still--
Is still out there.
Living and breathing.
Enjoying the sun on their face,
while Sheila's lying in a coma,
and you're...
feeling helpless.
When nothing makes sense in the light,
we have to search in the dark.
I had a feeling you'd understand.
Police interviewed the two campers
who Sheila found,
but she collapsed without saying a word,
so no idea where she came from.
The woods where she surfaced
are 12,000 acres,
a rural, mostly unincorporated area.
It's a lot of ground to cover.
Sheila's currently in a coma
at Chesapeake Bay Memorial
fighting for her life.
I have sympathy for Panabaker,
but does an abduction case
in which the abduction is over
merit this task force's attention?
It does for me.
I'm surprised the FBI isn't already on it
given Senator Panabaker's position.
She asked for us.
[Ressler] You mean Reddington.
Where is he anyway?
He has a lead on the tracking device
they found in Elizabeth.
He assured me that he'll be available.
Look, Cynthia's gone to bat
for this task force time and time again.
We owe her this.
Ressler, Aram, talk to Sheila's doctor.
Does it have to be me?
I mean, I kind of have things to do.
-What things?
-[Aram] Oh.
You know, computer things.
It's all technical. Boring stuff.
Of course.
Park, go with Ressler.
If we can find out from Sheila's doctor
what was done to her,
it'll help us figure out who did it.
I still don't understand
how Sheila got out.
Maybe it's because we have
too many patients.
And I'm spread too thin.
-What if she leads the police to us?
-She won't.
She left at night.
That had to have been disorienting.
She walked for days.
Wound up 50 miles from here.
I'm not concerned about her.
But we now have an empty bed
that we need to fill.
Lucky for us...
I think I found a new prospect.
I just said I can barely handle this.
Not the right time
to bring in someone new.
You know how important our mission is.
We can always handle one more.
We always make it work.
She was hypothermic when she came in.
Dehydrated.
Malnourished.
I suppose being lost
in the woods for days in the cold
with no food or water would do that.
A lot of it but not the heart damage.
She has heart damage?
It's enlarged
with a reduced left ventricular function.
But when I examined her further,
things got stranger.
At first I thought
these were just knife wounds,
torture maybe,
but then we cleaned away the blood,
we found this.
Are those names?
That'd be my guess.
They appear self-inflicted.
Why would she carve names
into her own leg?
Mom?
Remember what we talked about.
She can't hear you right now.
She's really sick, Char.
You'll have to excuse us.
This is the first time
she's seen her since--
Please. We were heading out.
Let's go find the bastard who did this.
[man on TV] Just a little bit, all right?
Try to swish it around.
Just one thin layer.
Honey, do you want mustard
or mayo on your sandwich?
[alarm beeping]
Sarah?
Bill! She's seizing!
We spoke with her doctor
and it seems your daughter-in-law
carved the names
of two women into her own thigh.
Sheila did that?
For God's sake, why?
This is conjecture,
but we believe she knew she might die
and wanted to send a message
to whoever found her.
To let them know
there are other victims out there.
The message worked. We ID'd the names.
Uh, Crystal Flowers and Maria Holmes.
While both names are incredibly common,
I was able to narrow down the search
because of a peculiar connection
to Sheila.
I know those women.
Where do I know them from?
Aram conducted a social media search
and saw all three mothers
were featured
on the Tiny Fighters Foundation website.
I remember the interview. I was there.
That's a fundraising organization.
They share stories of children
facing health issues.
I've donated a lot to Tiny Fighters.
How has no one made the connection
these mothers
were going missing until now?
Well, over 600,000 people
go missing in the U.S. every year.
These cases are spread out
over several years,
in different parts of the country,
and under different circumstances.
We're bringing in the woman
who runs Tiny Fighters, Emily Wright.
We'll see if she has something to offer.
Okay.
Thank you for the briefing.
And for your work.
Remember the new prospect
that I told you about?
I've been studying her medical records.
She's got a long and complicated history
that I think is a perfect match
for our hospital.
So I'm gonna make my move tonight.
By morning, we will have a new patient.
See to it that her bed is ready.
Yes, ma'am.
[Emily] I don't understand.
Who would wanna hurt mothers,
especially our mothers?
They're the most loving, selfless people
I've ever known.
Who in your organization has access
to your database?
We have hundreds of volunteers.
They all have access. I can get you a log
of their names and e-mails.
What were the dates the kids
of these mothers were profiled?
October 3rd, 2020, Crystal's son.
February 10th of last year, Maria's son.
And January 25th of this year,
Sheila's daughter.
Why?
All the women were abducted
within a week of their children's profile.
Somebody's trolling
your website for victims.
-This can't be happening.
-Who did you profile this week?
Don't you think this is a bit extreme?
He's not answering our calls.
You don't just go silent, not on me,
or I'm gonna find out the reason why.
Herbie?
Herbie!
We saw your Vanagon in the garage, Herbie.
I know you're there.
[baby crying]
It's been 36 hours. Give me a second.
My wife's on a digital detox retreat
and I can't get a hold of her.
I can't do this, man.
I'm not meant to be a father.
I think I'm actually losing my mind.
My baby hates me.
Like, she actually hates me.
No, no, no.
-What's her name?
-Sue.
As in "A Boy Named."
Why wife's a Johnny Cash fan. Never mind.
-Come here.
-All right.
Come here. Yes.
Come here.
There you go.
Yeah.
[Raymond chuckles]
They're pretty reliable.
Only a few things cause them strife.
Hunger, fatigue, gas.
[Raymond chuckles]
All they need is close attention and love.
And it's wonderful to be able to instantly
give them everything they want.
-[coos]
-Yeah.
Cherish this time.
Simplicity.
Because it gets pretty complicated,
I'm afraid.
Yeah.
It's okay.
-It's okay.
-No, no, no.
-Yeah.
Oh, my God. She senses your fear.
Dear God, Herbie. You must relax.
Here.
Hi.
♪ It had to be Sue ♪
♪ I wandered around ♪
♪ And finally found ♪
♪ There's somebody who ♪
♪ Could make me be true ♪
Can you please stay for a while?
I'm desperate.
That depends on what you can
tell me about my tracker.
We reached out to the mothers
whose children were just profiled.
We got ahold of three.
They're aware of the circumstances
and are looking out for anything
or anyone unusual.
-The fourth?
-Mary Sutton. We couldn't reach her.
But I tracked down her husband
who said Mary and their daughter Sarah
are at George Washington
Children's Hospital.
Sarah had a seizure.
Ressler, Dembe, head to the hospital.
Confirm that Mary's safe.
Brief her on the situation.
Your daughter is a lovely girl.
I know it's no fun being in the hospital,
but I'd like to keep her for a few days.
Usually we only stay the night
when she has one of her seizures.
The sodium levels in her blood
are unusually high.
I'd like to get her on an IV
to rebalance that concentration.
Has she been vomiting or having diarrhea?
She could be dehydrated
or suffering from hypernatremia.
She's on a very strict diet.
Wouldn't account for any of that.
Plus, I care for her day in and day out.
I know her better than anybody.
Maybe you wanna rerun the tests?
Mother knows best.
I'll see what I can do. I'll be back.
Are you the night nurse?
Yeah. I just wanted to drop off
the wheelchair for Sarah's release.
-Assuming she'll be discharged tomorrow?
-I was trying to tell the doctor that.
Thank you!
They keep trying to hold her
for days and days.
It's such an insurance scam.
Yeah.
-I know the truth.
-[gasps]
Excuse me. Agents Ressler and Zuma, FBI.
We're looking for Sarah Sutton's room.
[grunting]
What are you doing?
I'm doing you a favor. Trust me.
Somebody, help!
Please help! Please!
Room's gotta be up here on the right.
The nurse, she hurt my mom.
Where is she?
She left with the wheelchair.
She was medium-build,
white.
It happened so fast.
She dosed you
with a pretty powerful sedative.
Why?
Why me?
[Dembe] We don't know yet.
Only that you fit a pattern.
Pattern?
What pattern?
My entire life is devoted
to taking care of my daughter.
I barely have time to brush my teeth.
-We'll get to the bottom of this.
-Until then?
We stay where someone attacked us?
We've assigned an agent.
He'll be outside your room 24/7.
You're in good hands.
I couldn't ID the woman posing as a nurse.
The footage was too grainy.
The injection gun?
She was wearing gloves,
so no prints to trace.
But I did research the device.
And it is actually pretty nifty.
I mean, if it wasn't being used
to kidnap young mothers.
Instead of a needle,
compressed air shoots
a thin stream of medication
directly into underlying tissue layers.
The challenge is, I can't trace it.
It's not legal and seems to be
a much more powerful version
-of what's on the current market.
-That means it's black market.
Call Raymond.
He's connected to the best underground
medical resources money can buy.
I think it was designed
to administer and monitor medication.
Some conditions require drugs
to be taken on very strict schedules,
exact dosages.
Patients with those disorders aren't
always reliable in taking meds.
-How does it work?
-[Herbie] It has a capsule.
If I'm right,
it's pre-loaded with medication.
At least one dose.
Then sends wireless data
to the patient's doctor
to track that the meds were taken
and the patient's whereabouts.
Who uses this technology?
As far as I know, no one yet.
It's a cutting-edge technology.
I did hear a medical clinic in Boston
was considering a pilot program.
-I need the name of that clinic.
-Okay.
[cell phone ringing]
[Raymond] Harold.
I'm texting you a photo.
The woman who abducted
Panabaker's daughter
dropped a medical device
when she went after her latest victim.
It's not legal.
We have no way to track it.
I think with a little hard work
and elbow grease,
I can find someone
who can take care of that.
I'll be in touch.
I hate to pile on,
but something else has come up.
Do you think you can help me
to identify and trace that?
If you keep her happy,
there is literally nothing
I won't do for you.
[Maria whimpering]
[Eva] You poor, poor thing.
The pain must be unbearable.
Please, let me go.
Please.
Can't take on another. Not after
what happened at the hospital.
No one got a good look. I was careful.
You're not careful. You're out of control.
You need to slow things down.
Would Chelsea want us to slow things down?
You always have to bring her up.
Yes, I do.
Because she is why we do what we do.
Yeah.
The infection has spread.
Why are you doing this to me?
It is because you're an incredible mother
who would do anything
to eliminate her son's pain.
That's what you told Tiny Fighters.
And now we are giving you a chance
to make good on your word.
Your boy's getting better
because you're taking his sickness
into your body.
We need to do something
to stop this from spreading further.
-Or she's gonna lose the leg.
-Then take me to a hospital.
A real one!
No, we can handle everything right here.
Do we know who his sponsor is?
Wait. What're you talking about?
My sponsor?
It's Narcotics Anonymous for a reason.
[Park] What? No, no.
We're just trying
to remember who sponsors--
LeBron James.
I saw him in some new kicks
at a game the other night.
Trying to track down a pair.
Kicks, yeah? What game was that?
I don't think I saw it.
[Cooper] Reddington called back.
His contact ID'd
the manufacturer of the drug injector.
A set of them were delivered
to an address in West Virginia,
along with medical beds and equipment.
I need a team there, fast.
[Dembe] Should we announce?
No. This place looks deserted.
If there's someone here,
we don't wanna tip them off.
Think Reddington got the wrong address?
[whispering] Dembe.
Help. Help me.
Help me. Help.
[groaning]
Ressler!
-Drop it.
-No. No!
So that's the woman
who's responsible for this?
One of them.
She didn't act alone.
There's another woman out there,
the one who tried to abduct
Mary Sutton from the hospital.
How are the other victims doing?
They're all in serious condition.
One critical.
We also found remains on the property.
The victims we've ID'd
all have the same profile,
all were abducted while caring
for very sick children, just like Sheila.
What we didn't know until now
is that while they were being held,
they were inflicted
with various medical treatments
to make them mirror
the symptoms of their sick children.
Which explains why
your daughter-in-law and granddaughter
both presented signs of cardiomyopathy.
Why? Why make these women
relive that terror?
Why inflict on them
the pain they witnessed?
I don't have a conclusive answer yet.
But there's light
at the end of the tunnel.
As soon they're released
from the hospital,
they'll be reunited with their children.
I hope Sheila gets
that opportunity with Charlotte.
We're getting nowhere with her.
We've had her in that box for hours,
now she's asking for an attorney.
No. Absolutely not.
This is our one chance with this woman.
Cynthia, we can't deny her counsel.
Perhaps, we're not the ones
who should be questioning her.
[Binstock shouting in distance]
You seem ill at ease.
Yes, well...
there is a line I have avoided
crossing in my career.
Until now.
I find myself thinking more
and more about that line lately.
You're looking for someone
who has hurt those dearest to you.
And the prism
through which you see the world...
has completely changed.
And maybe that line doesn't exist anymore.
Have you made any progress
tracking down Agent Keen's killer?
Actually, yes, I have a lead.
But you're here with me.
Well, it's not out of selflessness.
I'm taking a reflective pause.
I'm considering the extent of
what I might do to get to the truth.
Yes, well, I know what you mean.
Look where devotion
has brought both of us.
My daughter-in-law, your Elizabeth.
If you're willing to go this far,
imagine how far
someone like me is willing to go.
I got what you needed, boss.
Lucy and Ethel never fail me.
But she won't like what I've got to say.
There is nothing
that could make this worse.
Just rip the bandage off, Teddy.
Your daughter-in-law, Sheila, right?
She ain't the victim.
What are you talking about?
She's been slipping your granddaughter
a nasty concoction for years,
making the little girl sick
and keeping her that way.
Munchausen, that's what they call it.
That is the most absurd thing I've heard.
I told you she wasn't gonna like
what I had to say.
That's a lie.
Sheila would never hurt her child.
Charlotte is her entire life.
-I wanna talk to that nurse.
-Wait, Cynthia.
Hold on, please. Let's talk.
I want the truth.
And you may very well have it,
I promise you.
What do you know
about your granddaughter's illness?
It was a very complicated diagnosis.
Why am I even answering that?
This is ridiculous. Charlotte is sick.
Senator, I urge you
to think with your head,
and not with your heart.
Has there never been a moment of doubt?
A red flag?
Months ago, I wanted Charlotte
to see a cardiologist at Walter Reed.
Takes months to get an appointment.
I used my position to get on his books.
My son was thrilled,
but Sheila insisted that a care plan
was already in place.
I pushed and pushed. Finally, she agreed.
The day of the appointment,
they never showed.
Charlotte was having so many issues,
and Sheila seemed so stressed,
I didn't think that...
That was one incident.
-That can't possibly mean--
-[cell phone pings]
It's a text from my son.
Sheila's off the respirator.
-What should I do?
-Stay calm.
Obtain the facts you need.
Your greatest resource
is right through that door.
[Aram] Reddington called.
It turns out, we have
this whole thing backwards.
What does that mean?
They got that nurse, Binstock, to talk.
She insists she was never in the business
of hurting innocent mothers,
because those mothers were never innocent.
So, what is she guilty of?
Their children weren't really sick.
The mothers were making them sick.
She was hurting the mothers as punishment
for what they did to their own kids.
And the longer she kept them,
the healthier their children became.
I've read about it. Munchausen's.
Yeah, it's actually
Munchausen's by proxy to be exact.
It's a mental illness
and form of child abuse.
Sir, can you please help me?
My daughter had an accident.
I need some towels.
-[Sarah] What for?
-Let me page the nurse.
It's not working.
-Can you just please get us a few towels?
-Mom.
-Please?
-Okay, okay. Give me a minute.
Thank you.
The darkness in this world
still manages to surprise me.
Let me remind everyone,
this nurse is a murderer.
She came at Dembe and I with a scalpel.
-Can we trust anything she says?
-No, we can't.
But children's lives may be at risk,
so we need to act fast.
Park, look into medical records
of the children of the abductees.
Aram, reach out to the agents
with the mothers being examined.
Have them stall reunification
with their children.
Dembe, Ressler, go to the hospital,
and separate Mary Sutton
from her daughter until we learn more.
[cell phone rings]
Agent Herndon.
We have reason to believe Mary Sutton
may be a danger to her daughter.
Can you verify their whereabouts?
I can't.
What do you mean?
They're gone.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe any of it.
We don't need you to believe, Mr. Sutton,
but we do need your help.
Your wife slipped FBI
protective custody 30 minutes ago
and fled the hospital with your daughter.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You weren't there.
All the nights Mary sat up with Sarah,
all the dirty sheets, the midnight trips
to the emergency room.
When was the last time
you spoke to your wife?
Earlier today.
She said she'd call when I get off work.
When was that?
Hour and a half. It doesn't mean anything.
Do you have another residence?
Somewhere your wife
might take your daughter?
Another residence? With our medical bills?
I had to find a second job
just to get us by.
I take care of the money, Mary takes...
Mary is the most selfless mother
in the world.
She is.
[Ressler] Don't beat yourself up.
Based on what we're learning, your wife's
been deceiving the medical community.
Teachers, friends, foundations.
Do you mind if we borrow this?
Take whatever you want.
Just bring my daughter home.
And my wife.
I know there's an explanation.
Ooh.
Look at this place.
What are we doing here?
I thought maybe we'd get
some of those cinnamon rolls
you love so much from here.
We're not at the hospital.
The doctor said I need
to finish my infusion or...
The doctor's an idiot.
You're acting weird.
Why haven't you called Dad yet?
He'll worry.
Oh, you lay back.
I brought some of
your medication from home.
It will help you rest.
Then you'll call Dad?
Of course, I will.
There we go.
Mom.
Can you believe it?
It's a miracle.
Are you okay?
I'm just... overwhelmed.
I know. I feel the same way.
Bill Sutton has no idea
where his wife and daughter are.
Where are we on medical records?
We don't have them yet.
We're waiting on DOJ authorization.
Uh, maybe we don't have to wait.
This is all evidence collected
from that abandoned hospital
where Ressler and Dembe apprehended
their nurse friend with the scalpel.
Turns out, Binstock and our Blacklister
kept almost immaculate records
of the families they surveilled.
All of the children here have confusing
and extensive medical records,
a clear indication
of Munchausen's by proxy.
I can't keep track of the bad guy anymore.
We're trying to find an assailant
who is harming Mary Sutton,
but Mary Sutton is doing
irreparable harm to her daughter.
Who am I slapping the cuffs on?
How about we slap the cuffs
on everyone until that girl is safe?
Ask questions later.
We're dealing with two criminals:
Mary Sutton and the woman
who tried to abduct her.
[Aram] I did some digging on Binstock.
She worked as a home healthcare nurse
for a young girl named Chelsea Mason,
who had a rare GI disorder.
After Chelsea died,
Binstock left the nursing field
and Eva Mason, Chelsea's older sister,
received a fortune in settlements,
all from hospitals that
performed needless procedures
that only worsened Chelsea's condition.
Turns out, Chelsea wasn't really sick.
Her mother was poisoning her.
So we think this sister, Eva,
has a personal vendetta
against mothers who hurt their children
and she's the co-conspirator
who tried to abduct Mary Sutton?
Binstock and Eva do share a past.
[Park] How do they ID the mothers?
Well, Eva volunteers
for the Tiny Fighters Foundation,
where she films interviews,
looking for signs of Munchausen.
If a mother fits the profile,
then Binstock, who works part time
as an insurance claims adjustor,
confirms she's correct
via medical records that don't add up.
How do we find Eva Mason?
If she's out there,
she's after the Suttons.
I did run a search,
and got a hit on her credit card
being used in Delaware a few hours ago,
but she could be anywhere by now.
If she's a videographer for Tiny Fighters,
I might know where they are.
I was just watching this.
[Eva] What do you do to cope
when things get hard?
-Gosh. I don't know.
-So many things. Disney.
And Sarah has a group of friends
who did a dance-a-thon fundraiser.
And we really like
our mother-daughter spa trips.
[Eva] Where do you go?
We go to a place in Delaware
called Primrose Grand Hotel...
You said Eva Mason's in Delaware?
That can't be a coincidence.
Verify the Suttons are at that hotel,
and get there before Eva does.
-I'll get some ice. I'll be right back.
-Okay.
[door opens, then closes]
-What are you doing here?
-Sweetheart--
-Where's my mom?
-You need medical attention.
How could you know? You're not a doctor.
No. I'm more than a doctor.
I am a miracle worker.
And I am going to cure you.
Hey!
Get away from my daughter.
It's you. You tried to attack me.
I did that to protect
your daughter, and I failed.
But I won't fail twice.
This is so much quicker than you deserve,
but I will use it on you.
-Unless...
-Unless what?
I call an ambulance,
Sarah goes to the hospital
for treatment, you come with me.
She doesn't need a hospital.
She needs her mother.
Stop it, both of you!
-Sarah!
-[Eva] Sarah, before you do anything,
let me explain.
-Put that gun down.
-Sweetie, listen to me.
-FBI, lower your weapons!
-Sarah!
-What's going on?
-Put your guns down.
This woman is crazy.
She tried to attack me.
Sarah, your mom is making you sick.
She gives you, what, pills?
-How do you feel when you take them?
-You're lying.
[Mary] Sarah, listen to me.
Look at me. This woman is insane.
I would never try to hurt you.
I love you more than anyone.
Is my mom making me sick?
Please, put the weapons down.
Nobody needs to get hurt.
This woman is a child abuser.
[Dembe] And she will be punished for that.
Like my mother was?
We know about your sister.
No, you don't know.
You did not watch my mother
drain the life out of her,
confine her to one room.
Her only friends were dolls.
I knew what she was doing,
and nobody listened to me.
The system is failing these children.
And they don't have time to waste.
Their lives are at stake.
-[shouts]
-I'm sorry.
Sarah!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Do not move.
-I'm sorry.
-Are you okay?
She's my daughter! What is wrong with you?
[cell phone ringing]
Senator Panabaker.
[Panabaker] I'm calling to thank you.
I asked you to help me find the truth.
You did exactly that.
How is your family handling things?
My son is devastated.
I took my granddaughter out
for the afternoon.
I didn't want her to be there
when the arrest happens.
She's been through so much already.
Children have a way of surprising you.
They're so resilient.
Now she has a chance at a healthy life.
You gave her that.
Not her parents, not the FBI.
You, Cynthia.
I'm so glad to be getting out of here.
-Sheila Panabaker?
-Yes?
You're under arrest.
What?
What are you doing? Stop!
Marshall?
Marshall? Stop it!
Get your hands off of me!
[Panabaker] Bottoms up, little lady.
Mm. Mm!
Doesn't that just hit the spot?
I used to bring your daddy
to this very café
when he was little,
after his hockey practice.
Little but so fast.
Mom doesn't let me have sweets,
because I get so sick.
Charlotte Anne Panabaker,
this hot chocolate will not make you sick.
That's a guarantee from Grandma.
[chuckling]
That's my girl.
Dr. Jansen?
Of the psychiatric clinic here, yes?
-Uh, do we know each other?
-No.
But we need a moment of your time, please?
-Dr. Jansen?
-Please don't hurt me. I have two kids.
Doctor, I have nothing but respect
for professionals
who treat mental illness.
It's a neglected epidemic,
and you're doing exemplary work.
But I don't have time to be polite.
So please, tell me
what you know about this device.
Where'd this come from?
You tell me and we'll both know.
I'm not wildly familiar with it,
but it looks to be a prototype
of something I saw last year.
We were going to initiate a program
with some of my mood disorder patients.
It monitors medication use.
But patient advocacy groups
were worried about privacy,
so the whole thing
just kind of fell apart.
Who developed the device?
It's a tragic story.
A lot of those going around.
A young man came to my office,
begging to be seen.
His wife suffered from
an acute psychiatric condition.
I don't recall which,
but she was always
inconsistent about her meds.
Then one day, she had a violent episode
that cost innocent lives.
The man was devastated.
He went back to school
and developed an ingestible tracker
that could monitor a patient's compliance
so that no one else
would have to live that nightmare.
He pleaded with me
to give the tech a shot.
Like I said,
I had every intention of testing it--
Do you remember the man's name?
It started with a K.
Um, Kennison.
Yes.
Uh, Andrew Kennison.
You wouldn't have
actually shot me, would you?
If she was going to shoot you,
she would have pointed the gun at you.
Hey. Got here as soon as I could.
-Is this about the case?
-It's not.
Agent Ressler, did you attend
your NA meeting tonight?
Of course, I did. I always go--
Sorry, but what's this all about? I mean--
Does no one trust me?
First, Aram doesn't wanna go
into the field with me.
Then you guys are all talking
behind my back about my sponsor?
I'm doing the meetings.
I'm doing the steps. I'm clean.
-I don't need this intervention crap.
-That's not what this is.
Oh, no? So, what, I'm crazy now, huh?
Is that it? Great.
So in case everybody has lost count,
I just got my two-month chip yesterday,
from that sponsor that you guys
weren't talking about.
Look, I'm trying here. Really trying.
And we couldn't be prouder.
[rock music playing]
We knew this was a big milestone for you.
We wanted your sponsor's name
in case they wanted to join us.
For what?
Your party. Ta-da!
It took me a few tries
to pick up the cake,
but I got there.
Wow, wow.
I also made a killer playlist.
Oh, God. Not with
that damn playlist again.
He's been obsessing all week.
I'm really dumb.
I'm sorry, I--
I know I'm not always
the feelings guy, but this really--
-It means...
-We know what it means.
And you mean the same thing to us.
Thank you. Truly.
You want the big slice, yeah?
Here you go.
[theme music playing]